Enhancing README file with notes (#297)
boostercloud/booster: docs/README.md

}
```

> Remember to import the event class correctly on the top part of the file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember to import the event class correctly on the top of the file:
```

Author: This make sense Javi

_mutations_ and get read models data using _queries_ or _subscriptions_. 

In this section, we will be sending requests by hand using the online tool [Postwoman](https://postwoman.io/graphql), 

> which is free and includes great support for GraphQL. However, you can use any HTTP client you want. In Postwoman
> online tool, you should enter the following URL as Endpoint:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which is free and includes great support for GraphQL. However, you can use any client you want. Your endpoint URL should look like this:
```

```text

> https://<some random number>.execute-api.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/production/graphql

Reviewer 2: This is specific to AWS. I think we should not use anything that is provider-specific if we can avoid it. 
We already talked about the `httpURL` output, so we can rewrite this like:
```suggestion
<httpURL>/graphql
```
